[std] Remove problematic phrases from notes (#6758)
cplusplus/draft: source/expressions.tex

and the deallocation function's name is
\tcode{\keyword{operator} \keyword{delete}[]}.
\begin{note}

> An implementation is expected to provide default definitions for the global

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An implementation provides default definitions for the global
```

Don't we require it, not just expect it to be true for most implementations?

Author: Well spotted. Can we make this a separate issue?

Reviewer: This is now #6761

inheritance relationship between the two classes.
\begin{note}
For example, if the classes were defined later in the translation unit,

> a multi-pass compiler could conformingly interpret a cast between

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a multi-pass compiler could validly interpret a cast between
```

The word "conformingly" seems clunky to me (it's not even in my dictionary).

Author: OK, sure!
